move addon docs to test harness readme (#1402)
openshift/osde2e: docs/Writing-Tests.md

OSD end-to-end testing uses the [Ginkgo] testing framework and [Gomega]  matching libraries.

## Designing e2e Tests
We recommend the following basic principles in designing your e2e tests:
 - Map existing functionality to e2e test cases
 - Map any bugs found into e2e test cases 
 - Update e2e test cases as addon functionality is changed or added 
 - Ensure the assertions and logs output by tests reflect 
   - the execution paths and 
   - potential causes of failures  
   

> Kubernetes guide on the topic https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-testing/writing-good-e2e-tests.md 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to read over the [kubernetes best practices](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-testing/writing-good-e2e-tests.md ) for writing e2e tests. These principles should be taken into consideration for every new or existing test modified.
```
